added compelte ldaps doc, step by step (#1149)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/user/user_auth_ldap.adoc

LDAPS encrypts the connection between your LDAP server and ownCloud via SSL/TLS.

1. For LDAPS you need a LDAP server with certificates. 

>   1.For Windows server install the "Active Directory Certificate Services (AD CS)" role and configure it as a company CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. For Windows Server, install the "Active Directory Certificate Services (AD CS)" role and configure it as a company CA.
```

  2. Then export the CA certificate using this method:

>     1. open certutil with admin privileges, and execute the following command. "ca_name" is just a placeholder for the certificate name, you can adjust it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Open certutil with admin privileges and execute the following command where "ca_name" is just a placeholder for the certificate name. Adjust it accordingly.
```

    2. certutil -ca.cert ca_name.cer

>     This was ensures you have the right certificate for configuring LDAPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This ensures you have the right certificate for configuring LDAPS.
```

>     3. copy the certificate ca_name.cer to your ownCloud server, and convert it using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Copy the certificate ca_name.cer to your ownCloud server, and convert it using the following command:
```

    4. openssl x509 -inform der -in ca_name.cer -out certificate.pem

>     5. double check with cat certificate.pem the output is the same on you had with certutil

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5. Double-check with `cat certificate.pem`. The output is the same one you had with `certutil`.
```

>   3. Now, move the certificate to /etc/ldap/certs/ (on Ubuntu) or /etc/openldap/certs/ (on centOS) (you have to create the "certs" folder inside those directories beforehand)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Now, move the certificate to /etc/ldap/certs/ (on Ubuntu) or /etc/openldap/certs/ (on centOS). You have to create the "certs" folder inside those directories beforehand.
```

>   4. (only for centOS) Change permissions with chown so the ldap client can access the certificate: "chown centos:centos certificate.pem"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. Only for centOS: Change permissions with `chown` so the ldap client can access the certificate: `chown centos:centos certificate.pem`
```

>   5. Edit the ldap.conf inside the ldap directory, add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  5. Edit the ldap.conf inside the ldap directory:
```

   Ubuntu 
   TLS_CACERT      /etc/ldap/certs/certificate.pem
   centOS 
   TLS_CACERT      /etc/openldap/certs/certificate.pem

>   6. restart the web server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  6. Restart the web server.
```

> If you have a openLDAP server: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a openLDAP server, perform the following steps: 
```

> 1. you need to import the ssl certificate from openLDAP to ownCloud server, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import the ssl certificate from openLDAP to ownCloud server.
```

> 2. put it in the /etc/ldap/certs/ or /etc/openldap/certs/ folder, depending if you have Ubuntu or centOs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Put it in the /etc/ldap/certs/ or /etc/openldap/certs/ folder, depending on whether you have Ubuntu or centOS.
```

> 3. include it in your ldap.conf 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Include it in your ldap.conf:
```

   Ubuntu 
   TLS_CACERT      /etc/ldap/certs/certificate.pem
   centOS 
   TLS_CACERT      /etc/openldap/certs/certificate.pem

> 4. restart the web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Restart the web server.
```

Now you have to configure the ownCloud LDAP app:

> 1. if you were using ldap with port 389 you have to change the port to 636 and add ldaps:// to your ldap host in the server tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you were using LDAP with port 389, you have to change the port to 636 and add ldaps:// to your LDAP host in the server tab.
```

> 2. click on "Test BaseDN" and you should see a green light and a number of entries that were found in your ldap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on "Test BaseDN" and you should see a green light and a number of entries that were found in your LDAP.
```

> Now you have ldapS, your ldap traffic is encrypted with a SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you have LDAPS and your LDAP traffic is encrypted with a SSL certificate.
```
